10.12.2 Release Notes (#4839)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/server_release_notes.adoc

* xref:changes-in-8-0[Changes in 8.0]
* xref:changes-in-7-0[Changes in 7.0]

== Changes in 10.12.2

Dear ownCloud administrator, find below the changes and known issues in ownCloud Server 10.12.2 that need your attention. You can also read the {oc-changelog-url}[full ownCloud Server changelog] for further details on what has changed.

=== Disallow permissions to be upgraded via federated sharing

> Do not allow to set higher permissions on a federated share for a resource which was shared with limited permissions. https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/40803[#40803]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not allow setting higher permissions on a federated share for a resource which was shared with limited permissions. https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/40803[#40803]
```

* xref:changes-in-8-0[Changes in 8.0]
* xref:changes-in-7-0[Changes in 7.0]

== Changes in 10.12.2

Dear ownCloud administrator, find below the changes and known issues in ownCloud Server 10.12.2 that need your attention. You can also read the {owncloud-server-changelog-url}[full ownCloud Server changelog] for further details on what has changed.

=== Filter sensitive data in log for Session::loginInOwnCloud

The `loginInOwnCloud` method contains sensitive data in the argument list and needed therefore to be added to the list of methods where sensitive parameters are being obfuscated. https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/40792[#40792]

== Changes in 10.12.1

> Dear ownCloud administrator, find below the changes and known issues in ownCloud Server 10.12.1 that need your attention. You can also read the {owncloud-server-changelog-url}[full ownCloud Server changelog] for further details on what has changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dear ownCloud administrator, find below the changes and known issues in ownCloud Server 10.12.1 that need your attention. You can also read the {oc-changelog-url}[full ownCloud Server changelog] for further details on what has changed.
```
There is no `owncloud-server-changelog-url` attribute, see `site.yml`

Author: Before those changes links were not not correctly displayed. There seems to be `:owncloud-server-changelog-url: https://owncloud.com/changelog/server/` in modules/ROOT/pages/server_release_notes.adoc ?

Author: Ah apparently links in the online release notes are displayed correctly. Will revert the changes.
